Feature/filter records by event time (#8)
fivetran/dbt_amplitude_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_amplitude_source v0.3.0

## 🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨:
[PR #8](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_amplitude_source/pull/8) includes the following update:

> - Moved the `date_range_start` and `date_range_end` variables further upstream to the `stg_amplitude__event` model. This way event records will be filtered from the onset, which will help reduce unnecessary volume later downstream. We also brought the `event_day` field upstream to `stg_amplitude__event` as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moved the `date_range_start` and `date_range_end` variables further upstream to the `stg_amplitude__event` model. 
    - This way event records will be filtered from the onset, which will help reduce unnecessary volume later downstream. 
    - The filtered data will be between (and including) the `date_range_start` and `date_range_end` dates.
    - If a `date_range_end` is not provided, it will use a month from the current date by default.
- Brought the `event_day` field upstream to the `stg_amplitude__event` model. 
```

Reviewer: I felt we should add a bit more context to these release notes.

> # dbt_amplitude_source v0.2.1

Reviewer: Let's bump this up to v0.3.0

Author: updated

> ## 🎉 Feature Updates 🎉: 

Reviewer: We should highlight that these are breaking changes and feature updates.

Author: done
